Allow users to pass in sanitize method for XHR/fetch requests (#6892)
highlight/highlight: docs-content/getting-started/3_client-sdk/7_replay-configuration/recording-network-requests-and-responses.md

This configuration is only available for `highlight.run` versions newer than `4.1.0`.

## Custom Sanitizing of Response and Requests

> If you need more granular control over managing and ignoring data in request and responses, then you can create a sanitize function to process every recorded request/response pair. This is configured by using the `networkRecording.requestResponseSanitizer` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a sanitize function to gain granular control of the data that your client sends to Highlight. The sanitize function is defined in the second argument of `H.init` under `networkRecording.requestResponseSanitizer`.
```

> The `networkRecording.requestResponseSanitizer` method receives a RequestResponsePair, and should return an object of the same type or a `null` value. Returning a `null` value means that Highlight will drop the request, and no related network logs will be seen in the session replay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `networkRecording.requestResponseSanitizer` method receives a Request/Response pair, and should return an object of the same type or a `null` value. Returning a `null` value means that Highlight will drop the request, and no related network logs will be seen in the session replay.
```
